Kenfig Pools
We shall tramp about, with our eyes on small traps of water in the track.
His eyes will be mine, even the styes that crowd the lid,
and the black lines like wax seals when he squints.
They will be my seeing through, and as we hike together,
loud hints then silence, flicking early dew upon our shins.
His stride motions my stumble with a kick,
a mime for stubborn child, an autism of shapes,
a quick conversation like a hundred others had before,
this time about our boots and how we both wanted brothers.
We spot a pair of busy coots, tentative and hungry on a flooded mire,
pecking anything that moves in their little square.
Eyes of fire when we stamp through.
They lose the beat they both had on a water boatman.
Call us clumsy fools and flee to the place they once caught a young perch,
those Kenfig Pools,
where freshwater sinews meet the muscular Bristol bore.
We sigh like butterfly nets and continue,
a shared satisfaction in a circular walk.